I'm waiting
Four
features
Bosch available for your work location and application
Micro filter system Thunder series
What kind of taste does Bosch have with Bosch
You can choose the best one
Conservative is an advanced recruiting system
Equipped with micro filter
The dust of the polishing work is sucked away and the 6 o'clock micro filter is fine.
Quickly to fine dust by the interlocking of the popular coat fine particle filter in the Thunder body
Suck up
It is possible to work as if the vacuum cleaner was directly connected
Remove the accumulated dust from the micro filter body and directly to the trash can
We promise a comfortable work even in the room
Good-bye to grinding operations with flour milling
Bosch Micro Filter System Thunder Series
5 terror recruiting in human multi-San to finish March of over
esm potted plant 160 n
It does not pollute the work environment with the micro filter system which sucks the soldier to per pudding
Smoothening of the plane is also well presented
Since the tip is a triangular sanding plate, you can easily polish corners and narrow places
One-hand type software that makes it easy to hold ergonomically designed children
We can work without stress with rubber grip
Work easily with one hand with a lightweight body
It does not bother the upward work
The tip is always optimal as the sanding plate can be removed and rotated
We can use sanding paper without loss in state
Replacing the sanding paper is Velcro and hassle-free
Extended rubber pad to polish the gap
Optimal curved finger pad around you cream-based
Use a variety of attachments such as blood figure pad convenient to the finish of the middle-aged year
By
Applications will be further expanded
And it is easy to get rust if you put 3 ring cross
To quantitative compact type bsm 80
High power type esm 160 people n
I just polish all aspects without leaving
It is a multi-Thunder team in the Bosch
Ok surface roughing to finish polishing between curved surfaces
posh alien random action sander ex 220 n 270 a em
400 e
You can work while blotting steadily the military personnel by a micro-filter system
Polish the situation and a side freely
Even with such a bloated surface, the prefecture can be done with almost no dust
Work is easy because it is easy to use in a lightweight and compact body
Because the magic tape type, exchange of sanding paper completes quickly
And according to the material in the electronic six-speed shift of the vial type
Konashimasu a single from the rough to March finish
1 & pipe ex 220 yen am
To ex 270 equipped with electronic stepless system em
Fiber vs Pro ex 400 e
Three models that can choose the plane and the phase ok with this one
It is recruitment random person random action thunder
Ideal for finishing on flat surfaces
Wanted in human orbital Sanger ess 200 a
An instant soak up micro-filter system is clean and clean working environment the military personnel
make
Work with orbital sander polishing Ya finish of the flat surface in a square faceplate
Ideal for charcoal work
The work of the garden bridge of the door evil polishing smears white year is also easy
Snake just fit with light and compact body and rubber grip
In addition, you can work easily even with a single hand with the Rui Shido design
Easy-to-use outstanding recruitment mid- person orbital sander
Rough recruitment painting story micro filter system installed large recruitment job belt Sanger of a wide year
ed s 75 an
a surface quickly and without taking out open dust
Polish
Hugh ã… clip type sanding belt day replace sand paper so much more
Pan
tes
You can do the chamfering work when writing by fixing the sander body
Sanding long materials easily
Advanced job belt sander with micro filter system
Bosch jobs for Ruchi Thunder
Job Random Action Thunder
Job Opportunities Orbital Thunder
Job Belt Thunder
Bosch achieved a clean working environment
Micro filter system
In conjunction with the popular school boat day Youth Peter of the Thunder main body, it is quick to a fine run woman
Suck up
So even indoors clean brother work
After work, just increase the end dust from which the micro filter body has been removed
According to every application from the aspect between the size and shape of the material
It is appeared in a full lineup
It is beautiful and fun bing surely Lee will be polished by the arms of celebration
Do you not try new challenge? Bosch micro filter system Thunder
Series d